hello and welcome to another minecraft
pocket edition video um this one would
be about TMT canyons testing just
starting up the game corral okay well um
I'll show you how TMT canyon works and
if you want me to teach you how to make
the tnt cannon itself just leave a
comment and I'll make a tutorial on how
to how to make one well this is the TNT
Canyon this will another not I'm about
to load
that there
and oh crap I fell down I think that was
good shot I don't know need to put a 1
implying sorry sorry about the
difficulty but it does shoot pretty far
as you can see it works it works like a
charm and plus sand right now cannot be
destroyed for some reason only sometimes
but the TMT Canyon won't get destroyed
which is awesome and it makes this tinti
cane so much easier to make Oh perfect
as you can see works it works fine
sometimes if you load it wrong it will
mess up a little bit but it works good
it works overall it works good overall
so please leave a comment if you want a
tutorial and comment rate and subscribe
thank you